head     1.1;
branch   1.1.1;
access   ;
symbols  rel1:1.1.1.1 prim:1.1.1;
locks    ; strict;
comment  @# @;


1.1
date     2000.01.26.14.30.50;  author michaeld;  state Exp;
branches 1.1.1.1;
next     ;

1.1.1.1
date     2000.01.26.14.30.50;  author michaeld;  state Exp;
branches ;
next     ;


desc
@@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@                           ** IMMORTAL HANDBOOK **
                              -----------------

First of all, CONGRATULATIONS for coming so far and reaching Immortal on
PrimalMUD. Now as an angel, you are expected to behave in the appropriate
manner. There are certain rules to follow as an angel.


Please spend time reading these. Ignorance of these rules is not an excuse


1. You are expected to help NEWBIES. This is not asking you to load them with
   equipment or killing mobs for them. You can teach them how to use the 
   appropriate commands and where to get basic items, like general store,
   magic shops, and the donation room. At all times, the donation room should
   be filled with the basic items. DO NOT give gold away to newbies unless 
   in emergencies like rent money.

2. No GROUPING with mortals is allowed. You will hog their xp. More importantly
   no tanking for mortals -- they get FREE xp.  Punishment for this is loss of 
   Promotion and being set back to level 60 

3. You are expected to keep your NOHASSEL flag on at all times.

4. No KILLING of mobs unless you can provide good reasons.

5. If you have an ANGEL character and a MORTAL character, no interaction
   between the two is allowed. Punishment is deletion of MORTAL character.
 
6. There should be no intervention during battles, meaning no healing of 
   either the mobs or player, no switching into mobs and make them flee from
   players if the mobs are not supposed to flee, unless you are in a quest or
   have special reasons for doing so.

7. You are expected to read the immortal board from time to time to keep
   yourself updated. 

9. All gods must support the decisions of higher gods and implimenters and
   not publicly disagree with any changes. Any constructive critisism is
   welcome but must be limited to the god's board.


10. As an Angel you are no longer part of a Clan and you should not show ANY
    favouritism towards your old clan.


Type Wizhelp for all commands.


Failure to comprise with the above rules will be dealt with accordingly.

If you are thinking of helping your friends by cheating, think again, because
we will CATCH you! < GO AHEAD......MAKE MY DAY !! >


- The Officials Of PrimalMUD .


@


1.1.1.1
log
@Intial Import of Source
@
text
@@
