                         &gTHE PrimalMUD HERALD&n
   		              
                           &r22nd February 2001&n


Okay, since we have not updated the news in about a year, I thought I should
give an update on whats been going on. As most of you are aware, we have been
developing the next version of primal (version 3) over the past 12-18 months.
It is currently undergoing alpha testing, which so far has been rather
constructive.

Many improvements have so far been implemented and more are still to come.
Basically the main differences in terms of the game play for players is the
implementation of classes and races, which are tied in with a remort system.
Many new skills and spells have and will be further added to ensure that the
class system can make a successful transition over the current classless
system.

There is far too many new features to list, to give an idea in terms of source
size (code only), the new version is currently almost double the size of the 
existing (currently ~190k lines).

Oh, and to make it clear, there will be no deletion of the player file, just a
convert so no player will loose any levels. Ideas and suggestions are welcome 
as usual, or if you wish to contribute in some way, mudmail Artus or myself.

Shall keep the news a bit more updated in terms of the releases of the new
version.

&yWEB PAGE&n:   &rhttp://mud.alphalink.com.au/&n
            Shall eventually try and get the webpage hosted on this server. 
	    As previously mentioned in news, main guts of it are done, a
            message board of some description similar to the one hosted on the
            old geocities page would be nice. Hasn't exactly been updated as of
            late ... Comments and Suggestions welcome.

&yGOD LEVELS&n:
            As most of you will be aware, Artus has been promoted to
            implementor for his contributions towards the new versions (which
            currently he still has to include :) With Sandii being tied up with
            work, I have been promoted to BCH. Sandii may still be around
            watching, so beware.

Dangermouse
